bpo-43908: Add Py_TPFLAGS_IMMUTABLETYPE flag (#25520)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2021-04-22-10-46-40.bpo-43908.Co3YhZ.rst

> Introduce :const:`Py_TPFLAGS_IMMUTABLETYPE` for immutable type objects, and

Reviewer: I suggest to move this NEWS entry to the C API category.

```suggestion
Introduce :const:`Py_TPFLAGS_IMMUTABLETYPE` flag for immutable type objects, and
```

Author: Yes, that makes sense.

Author: Fixed in 1987c4c027e41ae294711ca4c7d3ee9c905d5a7f

> modify :c:func:`PyType_Ready` to set it for all static types. Patch by

Reviewer 2: PyType_Ready sets Py_TPFLAGS_IMMUTABLETYPE for all non heap types right?

```suggestion
modify :c:func:`PyType_Ready` to set it for all non heap types. Patch by
```

Author: Non-heap types are static: https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#heap-types
